Bump immer to v7, export current util, add usage docs (#604)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/api/createReducer.md

  }
})
```

## Debugging your state

> It's very common for a developer to call `console.log(state)` during the development process. When using either `createSlice` or `createReducer`, you will need to use the [`current`](./otherExports#current.md) utility that we re-export from the [`immer` library](https://immerjs.github.io/immer). This awesome utility allows us to peek into the Proxy while it's being modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's very common for a developer to call `console.log(state)` during the development process. However, browsers display Proxies in a format that is hard to read, which can make console logging of Immer-based state difficult.

When using either `createSlice` or `createReducer`, you may use the [`current`](./otherExports#current.md) utility that we re-export from the [`immer` library](https://immerjs.github.io/immer). This utility creates a separate plain copy of the current Immer `Draft` state value, which can then be logged for viewing as normal.
```
